README.md, before:

# TIL(Today I Learned) - Statistics, Data Science, ML/DL, Python, Git
---

### Data Preprocessing
- [Normalization vs Standardization](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Data_Preprocessing/Normalization_vs_Standardization.md)
- [Remove Outlier (Functionalization)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Data_Preprocessing/remove_outlier.md)
- [upsampling (match the number of 'y - 0,1' in classification model)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Data_Preprocessing/upsampling.md)
- [LabelEncoder vs OneHotEncoder vs LabelBinarizer](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Data_Preprocessing/sklearn_Encoders.md)
---

### Pandas DataFrame
- [reset_index(drop=True)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Pandas_DataFrame/reset_index.md)
- [df[col].ffill()](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Pandas_DataFrame/ffill.md)
- [pd.melt(df, id_vars="y_class", var_name="X_features", value_name="values" )]

### Feature Engineering
- [feature_selection(from sklearn) - RFE(Recursive Feature Elimination)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Feature_Engineering/rfe.md)

---

### Machine Learning (Modeling)
- [K-Nearest Neighbor Algorithm](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Machine_Learning/KNN.md)
- [Random Forest Classifier](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Machine_Learning/RandomForestClassifier.md)
- [Gradient Boosting Classifier](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Machine_Learning/GradientBoostingClassifier.md)
- [Hyper-Parameter Tuning, GridSearchCV(from sklearn.model_selection)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Machine_Learning/GridSearchCV.md)
- [GridSearchCV(n_jobs=estimator=Model(), param_grid=param_grid, ... , **multiprocessing.cpu_count()**)]
- [make_pipeline(from sklearn.pipeline)]
- [XGBoost(Regression/Classification)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Machine_Learning/XGBoost.md)
- [lightgbm(Regression/Classification)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Machine_Learning/LGBM.md)
---

### Deep Learning (Modeling)
- [data 'class_mode' and Model Compile 'loss']
- [Conv2D(.. **padding='same'**)]
- [Conv2D and BatchNormalization]
- [Multiple Object Detection with 2 Step(R-CNN/SPP-Net/Fast R-CNN/Faster R-CNN)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Deep_Learning/Multiple_Object_Detection_2step.md)

### Model Evaluation
- [Explain classification_report(from sklearn.metrics) with examples](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Model_Evaluation/classification_report.md)
- [confusion_matrix(from sklearn.metrics)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Model_Evaluation/confusion_matrix.md)
- [Feature Importance vs Permutation Feature Importance](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Model_Evaluation/feature_importance.md)
---

### Statistics
- [R Square](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Statistics/R_Square.md)

### Terminal & Git
- [touch vs mkdir (+git status)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Git/status.md)
- [branch, checkout](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Git/brunch.md)
- [git fetch --all & git reset --hard origin/main (overwrite local branch with remote Repository)]
---

### Markdown
- [Markdown index with inner link](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Markdown/innerlink.md)

Commit message:

update new files - (visualization, precision/recall)

README.md, after:

# TIL(Today I Learned) - Statistics, Data Science, ML/DL, Python, Git
---

### Data Preprocessing
- [Normalization vs Standardization](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Data_Preprocessing/Normalization_vs_Standardization.md)
- [Remove Outlier (Functionalization)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Data_Preprocessing/remove_outlier.md)
- [upsampling (match the number of 'y - 0,1' in classification model)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Data_Preprocessing/upsampling.md)
- [LabelEncoder vs OneHotEncoder vs LabelBinarizer](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Data_Preprocessing/sklearn_Encoders.md)
---

### Pandas DataFrame
- [reset_index(drop=True)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Pandas_DataFrame/reset_index.md)
- [df[col].ffill()](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Pandas_DataFrame/ffill.md)
- [pd.melt(df, id_vars="y_class", var_name="X_features", value_name="values" )]
---
### Feature Engineering
- [feature_selection(from sklearn) - RFE(Recursive Feature Elimination)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Feature_Engineering/rfe.md)

---

### Visualization
- [Seaborn - basic visualization (flights dataset)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Visualization/sns_visualization.ipynb)

---
### Machine Learning (Modeling)
- [K-Nearest Neighbor Algorithm](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Machine_Learning/KNN.md)
- [Random Forest Classifier](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Machine_Learning/RandomForestClassifier.md)
- [Gradient Boosting Classifier](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Machine_Learning/GradientBoostingClassifier.md)
- [Hyper-Parameter Tuning, GridSearchCV(from sklearn.model_selection)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Machine_Learning/GridSearchCV.md)
- [GridSearchCV(n_jobs=estimator=Model(), param_grid=param_grid, ... , **multiprocessing.cpu_count()**)]
- [make_pipeline(from sklearn.pipeline)]
- [XGBoost(Regression/Classification)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Machine_Learning/XGBoost.md)
- [lightgbm(Regression/Classification)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Machine_Learning/LGBM.md)
---

### Deep Learning (Modeling)
- [data 'class_mode' and Model Compile 'loss']
- [Conv2D(.. **padding='same'**)]
- [Conv2D and BatchNormalization]
- [Multiple Object Detection with 2 Step(R-CNN/SPP-Net/Fast R-CNN/Faster R-CNN)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Deep_Learning/Multiple_Object_Detection_2step.md)
---
### Model Evaluation
- [Explain classification_report(from sklearn.metrics) with examples](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Model_Evaluation/classification_report.md)
- [confusion_matrix(from sklearn.metrics)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Model_Evaluation/confusion_matrix.md)
- [Feature Importance vs Permutation Feature Importance](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Model_Evaluation/feature_importance.md)
- [Precision and Recall in an Anomaly Detection Situation](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Model_Evaluation/precision_vs_recall.md)
---

### Statistics
- [R Square](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Statistics/R_Square.md)
---
### Terminal & Git
- [touch vs mkdir (+git status)](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Git/status.md)
- [branch, checkout](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Git/brunch.md)
- [git fetch --all & git reset --hard origin/main (overwrite local branch with remote Repository)]
---

### Markdown
- [Markdown index with inner link](https://github.com/sw-song/TIL/blob/main/Markdown/innerlink.md)
